1. social media engagement						chat.png                 
2. freelancing								freelancer.png
3. ticket booking and music concerts around you			ticket.jpg
4. event managers and concert ground 				events.jpg
5. song suggestions							songsuggest.svg
6. q\a forum								QA.jpg
7. mentoring								mentorship.jpg
8. competition								competition.jpg
9. Distribution									-
10.Label (Jugalbandhi)								-


Jugalbandhi - The house of music
jugalbandhi is a social platform that helps to collaborate, and work with peer music artists to produce new projects, showcase your talent and finally 
make a succesfull music career out of it.

Below are the features of jugalbandhi which helps music passionates in various aspects of revenue generation.

1.Social Media Engagement
		Connect with your peers of passion and showcase your talent to the world.
Jugalbandhi helps you to reach your audience through its efficient algorithm.

2.Freelancing
		Uplevel your rank in jugalbandhi and get your clients from home. Jugalbandhi paves
a way for music passionates to convert their passion into career.

3.Music concerts around you
		Get to know the time, date and place of any music concert or event or kacheri near you and 
book your tickets for a party night.

4.Event managers and Concert grounds
		Find and rent a concert ground nearby you for a suitable price and get a team of stage makers and
event handlers all together at jugalbandhi. You can even have your ticket booking portal through us.

5.Song Suggestion
		Felt bored by repeatting the same playlist!??, get some suggestions from the network! share your playlists or any 
remix, low fi version or any kind of suggestions through jugalbandhi to explore more in your music journey.

6.Q/A forum
		Ask your doubts and questions publicly and get answers through your peers and experts at jugalbandhi.

7.Mentoring 
		Expert mentors will guide you through the way of making a successful career out of your passion. Non-musical background will not be 
a problem anymore to follow your passion.

8.Competitionon 
		compete with your peers on live online events and score more points and get recognized among the audiences.

9.Distribution
		Jugalbandhi offers a flexible and free of cost distribution of your music album among various stores like spotify, jio saavn, gaana, wynk etc..
We also help you to promote your new release through our platform.

10.Jugalbandhi
		We are gonna start a music label of our own and select the highest scorers as session musicians, composers, singers and lyricists etc.. to work for 
albums, and collaborate with short films, movies etc..!


Contact
kindly like the ideas which you are interested in, and mention your suggestions, drawbacks or any other feature which you are expecting 
in the comment box to make jugalbandhi an ideal paradise for music passionates.



About us
Currently jugalbandhi is an ideation stage startup and needs funding to develop a full pledged product. But you guys can still collaborate with peer music
talents even from now!!

Join the whatsapp group or telegram group and discord servers to share your work, collaboration and showcasing your skills.

If any investor or vc firm is watching this and wanted to know more about us and jugalbandhi, contact us through jugalbandhi.site@gmail.com










